1. What is the purpose of the "Hello World!" program?
    The purpose of "Hello World!" is to print "Hello World" onto the screen.
    But it's also great to get a first look at the syntax to the program and
    to test the development environment.

2. Name the four parts of a function:
    1) return type
    2) function name
    3) function parameters
    4) function body

3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
    The int main() {} function to execute the program

4. In the "Hello World!" program, what is the purpose of the line "return 0;"?
    The return value of the main function provides info if a program has run 
    successfully or not. The number 0 says, that the program exited successfully
    with no error, while other numbers have specific error explanations.

5. What is the purpose of the compiler?
    The compiler translates human-readable code to object-code which is readable
    or executable by the machine. It also ensures that the syntax of the code is
    without errors. It can't check for run-time or link-time errors. Only
    compile-time errors.

6. What is the purpose of the #include directive?
    The #include directive instructs the computer to make functions from libraries
    or predeclared functions from header-files available for the program.

7. What does a .h suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?
    The .h suffix signals a header file which is used to declare functions and
    more. It does not define functions though.

8. What does the linker do for your program?
    The linker links multiple parts of a program (translation units) to one
    executable

9. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
    A source file has human-readable code. Code that we program ourselves.
    A object file has code translated for the machine, so that it can understand
    it. The compiler translates and optimizes our source file to a object file when
    compiling.

10. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
    An IDE is a (Integrated Development Environment) which offers some functionalty
    that makes your life easier as an programmer. But some prefer to work with just
    an editor and a terminal to compile or run their code, which is fine too!

11. If you understand everything in the textbook, whi is it necessary to practice?
    Programming practice makes you a better developer, as you gain experience and
    get a feel for the problems which are yet to come. And those problems vary
    much from one and another!